Show recurring icon in payment methods (#4299)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gateway-stripe: changelog.txt

* Dev - Minor fix to e2e setup code
* Dev - Make PHP error log from Docker container available in docker/logs/php/error.log
* Fix - Fix invalid IP address error encountered during mandate data creation.

> * Add - Show an icon beside the payment methods that supports automattic recurring payments.

Reviewer: Two nits:
* `automattic` => `automattic` 😁 
* I think "supports" should be "support" because the payment methods are a plural
```suggestion
* Add - Show an icon beside the payment methods that support automatic recurring payments.
```
